Ziyi v0.5.0 (#182)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/cypher/data-definition/create-table.md

MATCH (a:User)-[:Knows_User_User|:Knows_User_city]->(b) RETURN *;
```

As you can imagine, the more relationships you want to selectively query on, the more useful relationship table groups become.

## IF NOT EXISTS

> By default, kuzu throws an exception if the given table name already exists in the database. `IF NOT EXISTS` syntax instructs kuzu do nothing when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the given table name already exists in the database, Kùzu throws an exception when you try to create it. To avoid the exception being raised, use the `IF NOT EXISTS` clause. This tells Kùzu to do nothing when
```

the given table name already exists in the database.

Example:
```sql
CREATE NODE TABLE IF NOT EXISTS UW(ID INT64, PRIMARY KEY(ID))
```

> This query tells kuzu only create the `UW` table when the `UW` table doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query tells Kùzu to only create the `UW` table if it doesn't exist.
```
